well we begin in Gaza where Israeli
forces have hit a school where displaced
people were
Sheltering that was the moment that
shells fell on the Mustafa Haz school
that's near the NASA Hospital in Kan
yunes a number of people were wounded in
that attack and Israeli forces continue
to encircle Khan yunes in southern Gaza
troops are firing near medical
facilities and shooting at people who've
been trying to leave dozens of
Palestinians have been killed and
overnight Israeli strikes on Gaza well
let's go straight to our correspondent
hanim Mahmud he joins us from Rafa in
southern Gaza Hy this strike on the
school was in an area that's been under
near constant bombardment for days now
right yes indeed and uh so far we're
seeing the same exact scenario that took
place in Gaza and the northern part is
taking place in KH unun and so so far
we're talking about an intense bombing
campaign by land and by by air uh where
the Israeli military just caused further
civilian casualties displacement and
destruction and what we just uh saw last
night the attacks on an evacuation
school this is an honorable School
coordinates are very visible to the
Israeli military the uh well known that
they are displaced Palestinians since
the beginning uh of the war but they
came on
attacks anyway which confirms the wide
belief here among Palestinian this who
have been displaced that there is no
safe Zone across the Gaza Strip not even
uh an evacuation Zone that is managed
and operated by uh honor the United
Nations for Palestinians Refugee not
even the courtyards of the hospital but
the fact that it is happening within the
vicinity of Naser hospital this is is
another uh reminder that even hospitals
in KH un are not safe from uh those
attacks and and the bombings so far
eight people have been injured and they
were reported to Naser hospital but the
the the Panic that was caused to already
traumatized largely traumatized this
place Palestinians inside the school
made them run out of the school into the
the streets of Khan unun and within the
vicinity of the hospital they were shot
at by attacks drones quiet captur that
were hovering at a very low level in the
skies of Kan just
further aggravate their concern that
they were going to die anyway whether
they were inside the evacuation zone or
or on the road to the western part of
Han Unis and particularly around the
vicinity of an academic institution it's
laka University the largest public
university in in in the Gaza Strip where
people were forced to leave the campus
of the university and to move further
west to the coastal Road in an attempt
to get to RAF City some of them ended up
setting up a ten near the uh the uh the
shore of of the western part of kanun
but they were attacked anyway according
to an eyewitness whom we spoke to
yesterday he's he described horror
scenes of couple tents were attacked by
uh by drones and by missiles fired by
drones where several people were injured
and others who were uh who were killed
and they were transported all the way on
the coastal Road from the Western part
of kanun all the way to RAF city as it
was a difficult to get them to Naser
hospital as the intense bombing campaign
continues to cross across kanun City but
here the question remains for the
Thousand hundreds of thousand displaced
Palestinians here in Rafa as more
horrific updates and and confirmed
reports coming from kanun is what is
next for people who have been squeezed
in this part of the city further south
they have the Egyptian border where they
have no other options and from the
northern part of RA city is KH unit that
has turned into a scene of Devastation
constant bombings and
suffering H Mahmud there with that
latest report from us from the ground in
southern Gaza thank you
Hy